Update open-sqlserver.md (#367)
aquasecurity/cloud-security-remediation-guides: en/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-sqlserver.md

2. Select the "Search resources, services, and docs" option at the top and search for Network security groups. </br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-sqlserver/step2.png"/>
3.  Select the "Network security group" that needs to be verified. </br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-sqlserver/step3.png"/>
4. Click on the "Name" of the selected "Network security group" to access the port configurations. </br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-sqlserver/step4.png"/>

> 5. In the "Overview" tab scroll down the page and check the "Inbound security rules" under the "Settings." </br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-sqlserver/step5.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In the "Overview" tab scroll down the page and check the "Inbound security rules" under the "Settings". </br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-sqlserver/step5.png"/>
```

6. If the "SQL Server" for port 1433/1434 with the protocol "TCP/UDP" is showing as "Allow" for all "Source" and "Destination" then the selected  "Network security group" has TCP/UDP port 1433/1434 for "SQL Server" open to the public. </br>  <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-sqlserver/step6.png"/>
7. Repeat steps number 2 - 6 to verify other "Network security group." </br>
8. Navigate to the "Network security group" and select the security group that needs to modify for restricting the "TCP/UDP" port for "SQL Server" on port 1433/1434 to specific IP Address.</br>  <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-sqlserver/step8.png"/>
9. Scroll down the left navigation panel and choose "Inbound security rules" under "Settings."</br>  <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-sqlserver/step9.png"/>

> 10. Click on the "SQL Server" protocol in the "Name" column and under "Source" select the "IP Address" from the dropdown menu and enter the "Source IP addresses/CIDR ranges" as per the requirement, select the Protocol as TCP/UDP or as needed, Action as "Allow/Deny" and click on the "Save" option at the top panel. </br>  <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-sqlserver/step10.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Click on the "SQL Server" protocol in the "Name" column and under "Source" select the "IP Address" from the dropdown menu and enter the "Source IP addresses/CIDR ranges" as per the requirement, select the required Protocol and Action and click on the "Save" option at the top panel. </br>  <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-sqlserver/step10.png"/>
```
